docs(examples): add SAM example for large-messages module (#2319)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-java: examples/powertools-examples-large-messages/README.md

# Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java) - Large Messages Example

> This project contains an example of a Lambda function using the **Large Messages** module of Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java). For more information on this module, please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.powertools.aws.dev/lambda-java/utilities/large_messages/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains an example of a Lambda function using the **Large Messages** module of Powertools for AWS Lambda (Java). For more information on this module, please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/powertools/java/latest/utilities/large_messages/).
```
